# used to write notes about meetings and document progress

# RDV Nicolas 1/12/25
+ discuter avec doctorante Jellel niveau de discuter de jeux de donnees, influence d'enfants
+ simulation debats -> verifier les transcripts de debats et audio // devrais etre traité fin décembre

+ premier mois
+ focus sur simulation et modèles basiques
+ discuter d'intégration BDI ou autres dans GAMA
+ Mardi 20/1/26 potentiellement rdv a Toulouse

# RDV Nicolas et Benoit Girard 2/12/25
+ focus sur modèles simples et compréhension sur comment simuler les débats
+ penser au projet SHIFT dans le futur, could recreate actual food choices / from Jan 26 onwards

# RDV Nicolas et Patrick 3/12
+ send introduction presentation to Nicolas
+ use surveys in debates (can you find similar values in generated values using models?) -> use attitude before and after, maybe think about using challenge question (possibility of accepting a challenge)
+ set up a GAMA model with a public repo

# RDV Nicolas, Sabrina, Thomas, Patrick 8/12
+ for GAMA model -> try and find optimal value across all debates
+ re-setup 3rd debate group (i.e. homogeneous - pro and con; heterogeneous - mix of pro and con; active control, own group_
+ send Flache et al. 2017 to Sabrina and Thomas
+ mail to all meeting monday 13-14h // follow up
+ follow up GAMA-model -> look into Taillandier et al 2021 paper for argument synthesis and dynamics inside of GAMA

 
